# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

console.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

In property.rb first def after initialize, def save().

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

12 line, house1.save().

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Because it's assigned by database, kinda outside of our control.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

@id = options["id"] by calling it from already made one id from database.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

To make sure that there is id in a first place.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Because some of them work more in depth with instances, and some of them can be used on whole class.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

It's gonna be an array of hashes, but invisible for us in this instance.
@id?

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

Because they are complicated and very hard to understand for normal bread eaters.
I think because we are using gem it's crucial to have prepared statements that gonna relate to what's gem needs for operation to work.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

User input  

Q11. What are their return values?

Hashes of values that we were looking for. Full hashes, which includes another details. 
